Gwenevere Abriel: Day.
Bianca Garcia: My baby. We quick
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, once you take care of that. Okay. And I'm and I'm going to open up a note. Take a bite of talents and just don't worry about it. You're good.
Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Thank you.
Bianca Garcia: Therapists you gotta be quiet.
Bianca Garcia: Okay, well,
Bianca Garcia: Thank you.
Me.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just turn the volume down a little bit. Well, you kind of settle in. It's okay. Take your time. It's worth it. All right.
Alrighty.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Good.
Bianca Garcia: We usually use this thing to hold my phone up
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's check on audio and video, make sure we have good sound today.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah. You sound great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, nice and I sound good. You can see and hear me pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, excellent.
Bianca Garcia: Gaming here.
Bianca Garcia: Can you see me good or
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, yes, I wish I could see you more. I wish it was brighter, but I love how solid maybe if you can turn the camera just down slightly. So you see less of the ceiling and more of your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Since I mentioned
Bianca Garcia: Okay, let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Start at the top of my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: image that we want to also having coming from your side because more about other messages that come from here, like my hand.
Bianca Garcia: Sorry, I
Bianca Garcia: Usually I'm in the living room now but they're up. So this is like
Bianca Garcia: How was that
Gwenevere Abriel: And cast it. Okay. All right. So now we can kind of set intention kind of turn all that hectic finding a place and taking care of the baby and making sure hey I need this time to sort of do this work with this appointment so you made that happen. You did a great job.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remember the last time I'm looking at the note here and it's in front of me, and there was
Gwenevere Abriel: Some discussion around authority figures and the stress or, you know, certain way of being around people, and I had wondered if you spent more time thinking about it or if anything more was needed or wanted to be talked to on the topic.
Bianca Garcia: Um,
Bianca Garcia: I did think about it. And I said, maybe I'm overthinking it but i don't i don't know a few a few I'd like to talk about it. No, no. I think we've got it cleared.
Bianca Garcia: up pretty well. I mean, but I didn't think about it afterwards. And I thought to myself, oh, maybe I was overthinking it or, you know, but that's just something I hate about myself, is the whole worry Nance and overthinking that's just that happens a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to understand that more
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Let me close
Bianca Garcia: My door really quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I can hear somebody you're shouting
Bianca Garcia: Okay, I told to be quiet, but they never listened
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like to create a goal, and then we'll look you know all create something that maybe will help you reach that goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be behaviors. It might be trying on some behavioral experiments might be learning new skills, things like that. So, in a word in your own terminology. What would you like to do. What's the goal.
Bianca Garcia: I'm with the individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just said it earlier, you just labeled a topic.
Bianca Garcia: Oh yeah, okay.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, though.
Bianca Garcia: The overthinking it. I'm always like over worrying about things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, put it in a full goals full statement you ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, to love that.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I would like to help myself. I guess I'm just have them in control or or manage them better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but again. Okay, let me, let me say what I'm doing. You're doing a beautiful job. It's just that I happened to be typing exactly what you're saying. And so it's going to be in quotes, and it's going to be your goal. So let's maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of this is what I have so far, I would like to now. Typically, this is a neat way to to find out what the verb is I would like to increase something or decrease something
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it you could say that goal, I would like to this or I would like to that. What is it, what is it, you'd like to increase or decrease
Bianca Garcia: I would like to decrease overthinking
Bianca Garcia: I would like to decrease
Bianca Garcia: I just, I guess, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it isn't, it isn't that really what we're up to. That's what you want, I want to decrease it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess as much anxiety. Now how that's up to the therapeutic intervention. That's the stuff. We'll get into now that's beautiful. I love that. Cool. Nice and precise right
Gwenevere Abriel: So now I'm going to go over to objective and this is the stuff that we can kind of measure over the coming 30 days we can play with something that
Gwenevere Abriel: We can look at and see if it works over these next 30 days, sometimes it takes longer, sometimes years. I don't know. But let's go find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: One thing that I had taught you, is the belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have there been times when you have been in a thought, you know, a thought loop right
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, this is the worst thing that happened. Well, not only would that be awful but less than anything was close to that it was. It really was awful. I couldn't handle it. And then we didn't have running water, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know where it goes right but it can really circle around in there. You can really get get stuck in that neural network and
Gwenevere Abriel: When it comes to this bottom up intervention that I taught you about the breathing. The fact that that expanding breath belly can signal the Vegas got a little guy coming in.
Bianca Garcia: But
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's worth talking with them. You can you can say, hey, look, they're gonna keep coming in, unless I go give them something to do, to play, you can always tell me that
Bianca Garcia: Okay, thank you. Well, I just give her the little signal mall and she's like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't
Bianca Garcia: Be nosy
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the long version of
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: To do the belly breathing when you are in your ruminating
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how many times a day would you estimate
Bianca Garcia: I know it's probably like like once a week or twice a week. Not daily
Gwenevere Abriel: That's beautiful. That's nice. We can say it's at once a week and how often do you find yourself in. So such anxiety and overthinking overthinking about how often is that coming at you.
Bianca Garcia: Oh daily
Bianca Garcia: Probably like a few times a day is and
Gwenevere Abriel: Any pattern. Is there any way. If we were to rewind when it comes about. Do you ever notice that it's first thing. And as you wake up or when someone walks into the room, or someone leaves the room or you read something. Here's something. Do you ever catch any patterns.
Bianca Garcia: I know I'm not really good at keeping track. No, but I just noticed that it is like reading or informing myself of whatever you know if that's like seeing it on the internet or reading or
Bianca Garcia: Hearing somebody or, you know, of all the problems going on right now. It just seems like it's been constant now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah. So now you've got really something to sink your teeth into right with with this, you could really get yourself worried about what's going to happen with the coven
Gwenevere Abriel: With the corona. Okay. Okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so when you see something on the news when you see something on social media. When you hear someone talking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a few times a day. And then how many minutes do you spend what you call over thinking about how many minutes do you spend doing it.
Bianca Garcia: Oh. Oh, probably depends on on like, what's it like this Corona thing. Yeah, it's been daily and it's like hours a day. Like, I'm just, yeah.
Bianca Garcia: I'm really concerned about it.
Bianca Garcia: It's only because I have four little kids that I want to do everything I can to protect them protect us from a, you know, I, it's very scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're giving me really good information very useful so we can kind of do some detective work and see where we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of, take a look at the chain of events that happened link after link and then with each link, we can say, well, maybe in there, there's something we could do before this other thing happens. So maybe we can look at those. So I am hearing that
Gwenevere Abriel: Just move this part down to the bottom here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's come in. I have to check on one thing, because you and I already have had a conversation about there is a possibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of something happening between you and I, meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I'm supposed to say a particular thing to blend, you know, maybe there's a right way to do this. Maybe there's a wrong way. I'm always wondering if people are trying to say something when they think I want to hear it or if they're just saying it wrong. I always want it all.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's my professor. Now I'm going to ask my question. Why do you think you're not remembering the breathing.
Bianca Garcia: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Your first response.
Bianca Garcia: Why I'm not remembering the breathing. Maybe it just blows over my head. And I'm just thinking I could
Bianca Garcia: Do something else or just be like, oh, just try blow it off whatever I'm worried about, I don't know. I really don't know. I just
Bianca Garcia: But I do, I do, calm about it and use it when when I think about it, but there is times where you just blow it over and those probably the times you need it the most.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Okay, so here's what I heard. I just do a different technique you. It sounds like you're when you say blow over.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's another solution so belly breathing is a solution substance use is a solution sleeping raging breaking something running exercising eating any number of things are perceived solution to a distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to know more about blow over. I want to understand that a little bit more so if mitts happening to me. And I'm like, Oh, I just walked past the the TV.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many people have died and I start then I go, what if it happens to my family. And then I keep feeding that thought and I keep playing it out. Oh, I would feel so awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: awful, awful, awful, awful thoughts and now I'm just sort of stuck in this right. Tell me what blow over is I, I will try it will blow, blow over is
Gwenevere Abriel: What off. What does that mean,
Bianca Garcia: Well, it just means that I don't think about it and I do, I probably just continue thinking or I do something else. I go smoke a cigarette or, you know, or something. I think that might work.
Bianca Garcia: Then that yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me know when you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not distracted, you're, you're good. We're together here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes. So here's what I heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Distraction
Bianca Garcia: Right. Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to them. Oh.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah. Well, he, he took off. It took the swing and didn't close my door. Knowing these kids are loud. Okay.
Bianca Garcia: I don't like to be distracted. It's not good for me.
Bianca Garcia: Okay, so sorry proceed.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you do when you notice that the negative thinking has really taken the whole is you try smoking, you try a distraction.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do your best not to think about it, but I want to hear the things that you're doing are smoking and what else
Bianca Garcia: Oh, just whatever cleaning or cook.
Bianca Garcia: You know, take care of the kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how long can you keep that negative thinking that overthinking at bay. How long can you keep it at bay with staying busy with cleaning or cooking. How long can you keep it out of your head.
Bianca Garcia: Probably a few hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a pretty good technique.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah.
Bianca Garcia: I'm gonna say, so I guess so.
Bianca Garcia: I never thought about it like that. I don't think about stuff like that. So I'm glad I could
Bianca Garcia: Help
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Think about this. Just imagine you are about to quit smoking or, well, we'll just stick with smoking. Let's say you're like, I've had it with a cigarette and I'm coming at heart. And here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you could distract yourself from that cigarette for a couple hours. How many few cigarettes. Would you smoke a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a huge progress.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're already in really good solutions you just naturally already knew distraction. I'll just get busy cleaning. Some people can take it too far.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now they become angry, upset when they can't clean angry, upset if it doesn't stay clean and so it can be overboard. We can overdo anything. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's how long is it working. Is it working anymore, do we add need to add more more skills to it. Okay, so, um, do you think in general. Oh, I know. I found a good way to come with this wonder how you remember to clean.
Bianca Garcia: How do I remembered clean. I just look at the mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, so, so here you are right now, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm laying in bed and my mind is starting to go
Gwenevere Abriel: How am I going to see the mess. I mean, does it ever start first thing in the morning or no.
Bianca Garcia: Never start that
Gwenevere Abriel: It does like
Bianca Garcia: The overthinking. Oh, it could be anytime of the day. Yeah. In sometimes they would be like waking up or like I say, it varies on on what's going on. But yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So looking, you've got to see something to clean and then you do what, how do you then get to cleaning mode because plenty of people see the mess and they go, a really different direction.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah yeah yeah that's that happens to I'm not gonna deny that.
Bianca Garcia: But no, I think when I just when I feel like I'm overstressed I'm like okay let's and then it will just start with the little thing like oh let me slip this up.
Bianca Garcia: And then we'll proceed from there like increase, like, oh, now I'm mopping and now I'm
Bianca Garcia: You know, making sure it's nice and perfect and once I get the whole house clean and I see like little speck on the forum like picking him up and I don't know. Just, just like that. Like, this is what I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take what you're already doing. And let's capitalize on that. Let's do you already have a thing that already works. And that is, you can rely on the fact that once you start a little step.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can you know what i'm just all I'm going to do is just go around the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, now that I've cleaned it. Oh, I see some money spots. And now I'm going to get them off and it will continue to move forward. So you can rely on that. That is a style you have that's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Skill you have that if you start something you it might continue to be used. So that's good. And it can last a couple hours. That's kind of neat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice that it came from seeing something
Bianca Garcia: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let's take that you had to see it with your eyes. How can you take site.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then remember to do the belly breathing. How can we do that.
Bianca Garcia: When you first came about it and you taught it to me. It was more in my head, and I was using it a lot more. But as time goes
Bianca Garcia: I have used him. I'm not going to deny that I have. And then there's tend to have it but um
Bianca Garcia: I don't know i was i think it's not when I'm cleaning because I'm not stressed. I'm just, you know, a little stressed, but I think it's when I'm about to have like panic attacks and that I use it and it's helped that I
Gwenevere Abriel: Really back a little bit, we got off topic a little bit. Remember, you remember my, I had a very precise question and it didn't quite get answered. Let's try it again. Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that you had to see the messy house. Ah, I can clean that with a broom going to take that the fact that you are getting information coming through your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to use this as a metaphor. In other words, this is happening, you're taking in the signal from the eyes, I can just go clean. Now I want you to just take in information from your eyes, something you could see in your environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would remind you to do the belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would that be that you would see what could you see
Bianca Garcia: Me. Think about that.
Bianca Garcia: New sure
Bianca Garcia: I don't know if I start to think I've thought about it to use it if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, but we already know that seems something helps you, so we might as well use works. Look at this. What if you had around a little Buddha belly. What if you had belly breathing on a sticker or beautifully DRAWN BY YOUR CHILDREN AND YOU, AND IT WAS THIS BEAUTIFUL THING OF THE SENSE OF
Gwenevere Abriel: finger painting painting thing that you guys all made together for maybe you do it yourself. Or maybe pull something from the internet or maybe you how to set timer for you that you saw came up that came up every hour.
Bianca Garcia: Actually, now that you say that I'm the means on Instagram. Yeah, there's like this. This breathing. This guy that was doing this breathing and and that made me remind me of a bit and I didn't use it that day, but I do remember seeing that. So yeah, I see.
Bianca Garcia: This through with the big belly and he was breathing in and out. It was a funny thing, but that reminded me of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how it's to site and that's most people we take in a lot of information from our eyes a lot from our ears, live from our nose to
Gwenevere Abriel: But a lot from our eyes and you remember the skill that worked. You can distract your mind by busying so if you could use that same thing. What could you have around your home that would help you remember what could you put around what could you do
Bianca Garcia: I think that's a good idea, the sticker or a sign from them, making it the kids, you know, I think that's a wonderful idea. I would not. I would definitely use that that would be a good one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what if we made that an objective meaning a small task that would help your goal, which is, I would like to decrease overthinking and anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if what it was, was I will create one of the tasks, just the next week or two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, the ears are acting up. What if over this next little bit of time it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Client will. What do you want to do. You tell me.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, me go.
Bianca Garcia: Up like a picture of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it
Bianca Garcia: Makes my kids would be happy to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a picture of it with kids and we're going to post it wherever you see it. Yeah. Where will you see it.
Bianca Garcia: In it definitely put up, put it up on my room.
Bianca Garcia: Place on the wall or on the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice door. So that's the task for the next week or however long it takes you client will make a picture of
Gwenevere Abriel: Image of belly breathing. You can even take a meme. If he had get get calling you don't want to do with kids just get it done can do that until you get the drawing done right breathing with kids and posted in my room or on all now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a fading away of knowing how to do it.
Bianca Garcia: Is there a fading way of knowing how to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again did. Do you remember how to do it.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. And if you do forget you can always ask plenty of people kind of forget and and then they're right, forgetting the important part, which has to do with that expansion of the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so now look at that you have used detective work you've real the back and said, What Am I already doing. Let's make use of that skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can use the breathing now afterwards and maybe you only do a few cycles. And the really now we're left with that only took 60 seconds or you know even 60 seconds is a long time when you're working that part of that breathing or maybe it was two weeks to two minutes, then what
Gwenevere Abriel: We want more distraction, let's say, the house is clean. He claimed it yesterday. Don't want to do it again. Your hands are all pruning. So let's say you want to do something else. Let's list some more things that could work as distraction.
Bianca Garcia: Okay, um,
Bianca Garcia: You want me to say what I could use
Bianca Garcia: Well, I'm right mate, maybe helps a lot with that because I'm constantly like playing with her, or we're singing and dancing or changing her putting your bed. You know, there's a lot to do with her. So she's a big distraction. So that's, that's number one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's the thing I hear that I remember. I already know something I already know.
Gwenevere Abriel: A few times a day. I hear somebody or it's on the internet and it last hours. So as much as that baby takes your attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's hours that it's. Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah I
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear you, but while you're putting the baby diaper PLAYING Are you also thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: About those negative thoughts.
Bianca Garcia: Um, some things, and sometimes know like sometimes it's like I said she, it's a good distraction. I get distracted. And I also have yeah but maybe I do think cuz I yeah I would think so, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: New
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not difficult not, I don't mean emotionally. And what I'm saying is your brains habituated to it knows how to do a diaper. You could do it in your sleep. If I can probably have sleepwalking at three in the morning when the baby's crying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you're so used to doing it. What we want distraction works when we get out of that thought over here, this clumping and we go somewhere else. So we want something new or something we're learning
Gwenevere Abriel: A cult something that we have to really focus on and then we're not going to be thinking about the worry thought
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What else can we do
Bianca Garcia: Well, I read
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. I like it. What books you have around or, you know, or something. What are you doing for reading
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, it's on my phone. It's a Apple books or whatever is called
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Bianca Garcia: Actually call books.
Bianca Garcia: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been able to be in a what if something happens to my family and you were able to read
Gwenevere Abriel: And get out. Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I think when I not the family part but I went to have other negative thoughts and I do that but um
Bianca Garcia: I don't know, I, I'm just like you say, I'm so used to it that I just have different things that I just tried to take those dots of that is just goes away. By doing that, by helping myself by all those random things that I told you. That's what's helped a lot. So I don't know.
Bianca Garcia: What else to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, they're not random. They're really, it can take hours of cleaning right and it results in good results. There's also cooking.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm we're just staying really focused on this distraction technique. There's lots of other things to do but just really honing in on this one. There's you remembering and we've got a way for that to happen right through the eyes. We're going to see the poster can tell our kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, let's remember to breathe, you know, let's all kind of get into it and then we got our kids on board and we're all doing this breath work. Now we have distraction. You said you you kind of minimize the work that you're doing and I don't know that that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do little things you said
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think they're trivial. I think they're important.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all it's made. I want to reduce the anxiety and and worrying and overthinking it's made it all the way on to the treatment plan that's how big a deal. It is. It's, it's, big deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: For people that thing you're talking about the overthinking
Gwenevere Abriel: When we do the live chat analysis and we go back, back, back, all the way back in time for most people, many people. That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That led to substance use to begin with.
Bianca Garcia: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't think it's a small thing. I think it's really worth looking at. And the more you know what to do with it in a healthy way in a constructive way. I think you're on track with relapse prevention.
Bianca Garcia: That's good to hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got. Let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: won't talk about reading one more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll revisit let's just see how far you get with this piece. OK, let's go over to a cognitive intervention. It's not a physical
Gwenevere Abriel: Drawing it's not physical cleaning. It's not this kind of distraction. It's all mental cognitive. Let's see if we can come up with something that you could be saying to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even while you're doing a mindless habituated it's not mine was obvious. You love taking care of children, but you know, I'm trying to say like you already know how to do it.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because watch. Look at my wording mindless if I'm doing a mindless activity, you know, my mind is going to do worry
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I thought it would do less
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's gonna get busy worrying. So we've got to keep that mind occupied
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do, let's do what's called a sort of a cognitive intervention here. Let's see if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at. Let's consolidate for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to hear your sphere.
Gwenevere Abriel: consolidate all that information from the internet. All of it from. And let's just hear it. What's the fear.
Bianca Garcia: Right now, um,
Bianca Garcia: Oh well, I don't like to say it out loud because they say the tongue is like a powerful thing. You know, but um
Bianca Garcia: Um, yeah, just, you know, I just, I would just hate like any of them getting sick. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: worst fear is my child getting sick. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, absolutely. I can see that. And that pretty much gets it. And where do you, where do you feel that just now even sort of me saying it.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, it just, it just worries me and it scares me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where did you feel it though just now as I oh
Bianca Garcia: I felt that in my heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heart. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you said you worry about it as much as a couple hours, you can take every day, you know, consume you for a couple hours right
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna go nice and slow on this. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that worrying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kept the virus away.
Bianca Garcia: I don't think it would keep it away. But for now, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's let's let's see how true that is so if I
Gwenevere Abriel: overthink about it for two hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: It keeps the virus away. Now I know I'm being really I'm focusing on exact words here. But let's just see how much of it is fantasy. How much of it is rational. Let's really look at it. Let's see what's going on in there.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, no, I don't think the worry would help keep it away at all. No, I don't think so. I don't think that's a rational model.
Bianca Garcia: That logical, but I think that it gives ideas of how to keep them safe, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: We go. It gives me ideas of how to keep them safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: So after a two hour I know I'm slowing time way down and it might be uncomfortable, but we're going to pick it this until it can't be picked up anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. It's like I'm looking at something. Those clothes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are normally its way out here. That's what I do. I really get right up close to it. So if I am looking at the we're going to call it two hours two hour chunk today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I worried. I should think back yesterday's to our day before was two hours. Well, during those two hours is that when you came up with the good idea while you were worrying.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, where'd you come up with. And that would you yeah
Bianca Garcia: Well, I'm
Bianca Garcia: Like if I or their father goes out we wash our hands right away and disinfect like cat door handles and or what things we touch and
Bianca Garcia: One thing for sure the kids don't go anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really important. Are you saying, watch, watch the difference
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear a TV show and in five minutes I here. Make sure you spray down with Lysol the light switches
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. That's taking in data. This is not worried. This is just I'm listening to information that's 60 seconds that's five minutes I turn the TV on I got on the Internet, the time period. I'm not talking about those five minutes.
Bianca Garcia: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't, this isn't the part I'm really too concerned about I'm concerned about
Gwenevere Abriel: The hours that follow. So listen really listen to this. Here it comes. Here on the set again during those two hours. I already know you heard data coming in from the TV show for now I'm just going to say that TV show.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was five minutes, but you spent two hours worrying and you said, I come up with good ideas during those two hours and I'm checking to see if that's really true, because he did say yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what you came up with that wasn't from here wasn't from those five minutes, but came from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: just stirring that pot of thinking. Will you just sat there and mixed it around and Fred it and you had ran it through all kinds of scenarios over and over and over two hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're telling me you came up with the idea of washing hands and spraying things down, or did you get that in those first five minutes.
Bianca Garcia: Oh no, yeah, probably got that thing. Quick Thinking of
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys probably from
Bianca Garcia: From. Yeah, I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what I'm doing, am I hiding much here. I'm pretty transparent. Let's just see. Because you said the benefits of it are I come up with really cool ideas and I want to make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: That that is true because I'm not a wanted to go away if you really did come up with a genius idea well then let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it true that because you sat there and worried worried and weren't really maybe playing with your kids and you had kind of a crummy day for those two hours you worry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you had a great idea, right in the middle or at the end of those two hours. You're telling me you had a great idea from all that wording.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, then probably nothing
Bianca Garcia: That's a good point. I thought they were good. But, well, I mean, that's the only thing I guess I just take from the data were like you said, and do that. But maybe I guess I don't have good ideas.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is what's happening and I don't know what it is for you. I'm trying it on just to see here's what I'm wondering. I'm wondering if what you do is you take data. You guys, this is this. This is how long a virus sits on a surface and you go, oh, and this and then you say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are people getting it. And what are the symptoms and how will I know so you're hearing information come in the ears. Couple of visuals to they're coming data is coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you go write them down.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep them in head and you think about them. Again, think about them again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not only do you think about them again. It's almost like
Gwenevere Abriel: In order for you to remember what you do to yourself is, you're kind of like you run all these native scenarios, so that you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost like this negative Inner Parent like well you better remember because these horrible things are going to happen. And she you know what you need to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: That thing that horrible thing. And it's this negative reinforcement. And I just wonder if we looked at that and we said wait a cotton pickin minute
Gwenevere Abriel: That's kind of mean
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we flipped the script and instead I sat there with my recorder on my phone, or good old pen and paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just wrote it down or I print screen change. Oh, he is going to be this is going to be our list of things that we do. Are these are our
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, our coronavirus values for the month, you know, I mean like these are going to be our new habits of health. Well, I like that one new habits of health. So I wrote them down. Like, what do you do, do you do I got him out of my head, those first five minutes. I wrote them down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I told my family. You guys willing to do this all be in charge of this part, can you be in charge of this part's hard stuff to remember because we already have like habits in place that Martin contradictory to our new health habits, but they're out on paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, there's no punishment to you. There's no having to sit with this horrible, awful imagery in order for you to remember your hometown.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I guess I should do that. I do that with everything else I write stuff down you know appointments grocery list. So yeah, I think I should do that. That would be a good idea.
Bianca Garcia: A lot of people do that poetry. Write them down, or they. Right. Right. You know, I think that would help a lot to
Gwenevere Abriel: could post a list and kind of maybe out wherever it's nice blank piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what I'll do, I'll take in my five minutes because probably you're getting some data you oh
Gwenevere Abriel: That's true. I that's hot off the press, that's a new statistic. I didn't know that. That's from a doctor that's from a credible source. I'm going to go do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to torture myself by having to keep thinking about it. I'm going to go write it down. This is the stuff I went to talk with my family about tonight or I can go do it now.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's out of your head.
Bianca Garcia: Like that.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you
Gwenevere Abriel: Run it through in
Bianca Garcia: Sports really
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean you brought it to this mean it's so mean.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: What good does it do you to threaten all of that that horrible thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, so hold that thought. I don't want to ever take something away unless or something that's coming back to you. What if that negative consequences. Something bad might happen to my
Gwenevere Abriel: Two kids, maybe that's what's motivating me to follow these precautions. What if that's how you do work. What if the threat of something negative is what motivates to what if that's true, you tell me what do you think
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, you could be, it could be that was seems like
Bianca Garcia: It seems like that's how I run
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I know we talked about it. I mean, saying it out loud. You wouldn't think like that, you know, so I'm glad you said that because it makes me think, is that really how I am no
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't know. That's why we're talking. We're trying to figure out what's already there. And if it's working. If it's getting you to follow through with safety precautions. Do we really want to remove it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you need that return. Maybe you want to beat yourself up every hour, you know, two hours a day, maybe do a three hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean paradoxical. I mean, kind of, what would be the equivalent of like sarcastic sort of just to see what you say back to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you do it four hours a day.
Bianca Garcia: That
Gwenevere Abriel: beat yourself up are
Bianca Garcia: Doing now, man. Hey, even before these these a Corona things. I kept him why handwashing Happy birthday. That was way before that and now even twice. It seems like I have to do it twice as much. That's what it seems like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: So that's beating yourself up a little bit more than where you were already
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I don't know how you, I would like to hear what your inner voice sounds like
Bianca Garcia: And on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: On anything. But yes, this we can stand this topic, if you like, yes.
Bianca Garcia: What is your voice sound like like
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch. You said I beat myself up that's a metaphor. No, you're not actually sitting here going, you better remember to Lysol the handle. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still a metaphor. So I want to hear how you sound. If I was in your head, and you just heard. Well, it's better that you wash your hands every single time you touch a door knob. How do you eat yourself up. What's the inner voice.
Bianca Garcia: It's just saying it over and over and over.
Bianca Garcia: I think that's what is doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been able to learn a lesson. Another way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Besides repeating it over and over for two hours straight, getting your heart racing your breath shallow palms sweaty jaws tight muscles clenched, have you ever been able to learn in another another way
Bianca Garcia: Just doing it just, just do it. And that's it. Yeah, I know, I know.
Bianca Garcia: We just do it. I don't know. Yeah, we'd like because I'm constantly saying it, but the we just, we just do it. I don't know.
Bianca Garcia: I guess that's the only way. Right. You just gotta do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's just go with that. So we're at the top of the hour. But I want. Let's just see what you did here today. You did a lot more very hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: You identified a goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: You identified ways that you're already effective right in addressing overthinking and then we took that skill we said, well, how can we apply it to this virus crisis that we're in. Okay. And what I'm suggesting is
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if you're ready to let go of the two hours of boring. I can't tell you because I we don't have quite enough time for me to really hear what I didn't quite hear what the inner voice was we went to just do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you want to experiment a little bit to see what happens to you, you could just spend your five minutes, maybe it's only once a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only on this is my our Where's my credit all listen to CNN or I'll listen to Dr. Whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where I'll get my information a limited budget my amount of time because I'll get really preoccupied now and do that. I'll just, hey guys, I'm going to walk out of the room. I don't want to hear right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just going to have this amount of time, I'm going to take it in when I write down my ideas and you're out of my head. And I'm going to do them. And that's it. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wash hands. Wash your hands wash. That's the repetition.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm hearing from you. That's the negative thing is you better do it, you better do it washing, washing, washing, remember to do this. Remember, remember I mean I don't quite know yet because I haven't really heard the inner voice yet but
Gwenevere Abriel: When you said, just do it. It makes me think.
Gwenevere Abriel: You learn it, you write it, you learn it. You do it you say it, talk about it. Write it do it, talk about it. Say it. Do it versus just up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get it on paper. Let's get it manifested in real time and talking. Hey, guys. What can we all do to help each other. Remember to do these things so that I don't have to sit here and think about them all day.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll things to do over the next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Run lines to do with your cutie pies come up with a nice visual if you're willing to share it. I'd love to see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really personal and don't share it. But certainly, you're right.
Bianca Garcia: No, I would love to share
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: I have someone at 12 o'clock. Next Thursday but I
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I have one 110
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of flip flop them with someone right here, can you meet at 110 on April 16
Bianca Garcia: That's next Thursday. Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have medication to get you to group or sharing message, your doctor now and say, Bianca attended for individual therapy and then he does whatever he does.
Bianca Garcia: No, I'm fine till tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Well, fantastic. And we'll see you in group.
Bianca Garcia: Thank you. See you tomorrow. Have a good day.